[Characters, behaviors, places,
organizations, and events shown in the series
are entirely fictional,
are solely for entertainment purposes,
with no intention to instruct
or promote any kind of behavior;
viewer discretion is advised]
Knowing about my past
probably won't do me any good.
So I contacted Bew,
the owner of this song.
She's never sung this song to anyone,
except her family members.
I can't tell you anything else.
This is already putting us at a lot of risk!
Just trust me for once.
Don't go meet anyone!
Bew Rattanawee.
This is Bew's Kingdom,
her studio.
- Hi.
- Hello.
I'm here to see Ms. Bew.
Oh, right.
So...
Is she here?
Did you make an appointment to see her?
Right...
I didn't.
I called earlier,
but no one picked up.
Isn't she here?
She is,
- but...
- Bew, your ride is here.
I'll leave it to you.
Ms. Bew...
Hello, my name is Jane.
I'd like to discuss something with you.
I'll call you later.
I'm going to miss my flight.
My apologies,
but Bew has a flight to catch today.
Is she traveling abroad?
Is there any way
I could get in touch with her?
I really need to speak with her.
This is going to be hard.
She's going out of town
for a meditation retreat,
so she'll turn off her phone
and be out of touch for about a week.
I'm afraid you'll have to wait
until after that.
Gosh.
Bew is such a weird person.
How could someone
be off their phone for that long?
If that were me,
I'd totally freak out.
Right?
Speaking of that,
according to the theory,
she's already our 6th person,
so she should be someone
who knows you personally.
But you met her in person,
and you still don't remember anything?
Whoa!
Z!
What?
Hey!
What happened?
Why did you suddenly pass out?
My head was hurting.
How can your head hurt
if angels don't even sleep?
I have no idea.
I've never been like this before.
How is it?
Do you feel better?
I do.
Why are you so good
at giving massages?
I am?
I've never done this to anyone, though.
Why did you suddenly get
those symptoms?
I don't know.
My head just started hurting
when we were at Bew's studio.
Ever since we were at the studio?
See? I knew it.
You and Bew probably knew each other.
I don't know...
But besides the headache,
I felt something strange, too.
How strange was it?
I felt empty,
but it wasn't exactly sad.
It's hurting again.
Come here.
Lie down here.
Come on.
Easy.
Jane...
What are you doing?
In Japan, this is how they check for fever.
But you don't have a fever.
So...
Is your head still hurting?
It's fine now.
It's like I never had one.
She had a headache?
She seems fine now.
Well...
I helped her
before we came here.
How so?
Staring into her eyes.
Staring into her eyes?
Whenever I look into her eyes,
her whole world just stops.
Girl!
The audacity.
Where did you get that confidence from?
What? I'm telling you the truth.
Alright, prove it.
Tell us how that helped her.
Her body works in a really bizarre way.
She can't sleep
or take any medicine.
We didn't even know
how to deal with her headache.
But I...
stumbled upon something...
What is it?
Well...
The more I make her heart race,
the less her head hurts.
So when you said "make her heart race,"
did you actually mean your heart?
No!
So are you saying that she's into you?
Right?
I don't know!
Is it just all in your head?
But I really tried it out at home.
Guys, it's not like that!
Alright, alright...
Look how much she's grown up.
See? If she's even
a little far away from me,
she gets a headache.
I'll show you.
Girl, come here.
Quick!
- Come here.
- Girl, come quick.
Goodness!
Jane, what are you doing?
There are people around.
I just want to hug you.
Gosh!
She's really into you.
It's nice of you to help
with her headache,
but what you've done
is just toying with her feelings.
If I don't do that,
do you expect her
to stay in pain all day?
What if her headache goes away?
You're messing with her head.
I'm not.
Actually...
I feel the same way she does.
- Huh?!
- What?!
Well...
I really like her.
But you know all too well
that she won't be around forever.
One day, she'll have to go.
What are you planning to do then?
No clue.
But I already fell for her.
We have a big problem.
This could get messy.
How can I take care of you
while I'm asleep?
It's fine, Jane.
I'm so sorry.
Why would you be?
It's not your fault.
You're just sick.
What are you doing?
Tonight, just hold me this way.
Don't you let go.
But...
No buts.
This is an order.
If I hadn't found out on my own,
when were you planning to tell me?
I...
Or were you not planning
to tell me at all?
I'm very sorry, Miss Kaew-Ta.
I was just...
Make yourself presentable.
You're my assistant, after all.
Don't let anyone say
that I trained you poorly.
I'll tell Z
not to do this again.
No need.
I'll handle it this time.
It's good to take a nice walk
once in a while.
What? What's going on?
Does your head hurt?
When I think about Bew,
it just starts hurting.
No more thinking
about someone else.
Since you're with me today,
I should be the only one on your mind.
Let's go.
The weather
is so nice today, don't you think?
This looks so pretty.
Let's take some photos.
Three, two, one...
The catch is that
we need to strike the same pose.
Three, two, one.
These are not the same poses!
- Yay!
These came out pretty good.
Jane, look.
What?
My outfit.
Why am I not in costume?
Wait, you're right.
Maybe those in charge
of your wardrobe forgot.
That's wild. There's no one for that.
Well, who knows?
Still, I don't think that's the case.
Fine, just forget it.
Come on, let's get back to our walk.
Let's go.
Wait, what's this game?
"Station: Let Your Heart Flow
with Music and Love."
Interesting.
"Two players will stand
at the starting point.
Each of them will have
a pair of headphones and a music player
playing the same song.
When the song starts,
they have to jump in sync
with the right notes and rhythm."
Wow, that sounds like fun.
Isn't this for kids?
Come on, we're not in our 60s!
Fine.
Okay, ready?
- Do...
Re, mi...
Do, mi...
Re...
Mi, fa,
fa...
Mi, re, mi...
We already lost.
Are you tired?
Come here.
I jumped so many times
that I'm soaked in sweat.
Well, I'm not.
That's because you can't even sweat.
But I did get tired...
This feels very comfortable.
I'm so tired...
Let me have a look.
Here you go.
This one looks cute.
You have to keep some distance.
If she's not having a headache,
don't you think you should stop?
You'd better not toy
with people's feelings.
I got it now.
What do you mean?
The reason you're staying so close
is to cure my headaches.
What?!
"You'd better not toy
with people's feelings."
That was from Izzy.
Hey, it's not like that at all.
Just take it.
What?
Where are you going?
Don't follow me.
I want to be alone.
Don't go!
There you are.
I've been looking everywhere for you.
Your head is still hurting, right?
Stop it, Jane.
I realize now
that what happened
between us wasn't real.
Huh?
Don't force it.
Z!
Do you wanna talk to that table?
- Whoa!
- Guys!
Guys!
Have you seen Z?
I'm right here.
How would I know?
Where is she?
I've been looking for her all day now.
Did you fight?
Or is it that...
Those above have taken her back?
Oh, my gosh. That's harsh.
Oh, my gosh!
Jeez, you're literally
just saying random things now.
Get back to work!
I'll take care of her.
- Party pooper.
- Alright.
Give me a moment, girl.
Your curves are getting in my way!
Get a move on!
You guys fought again, didn't you?
Just a little.
I literally called it.
What do I do?
Z!
Duang-Jai!
You scared me!
Run, Z.
From what?
Come on, just do as I say.
Don't be around here.
Someone's coming after you.
- Who?
- The warden.
Huh?!
Hurry up!
If you get caught,
you'll be in serious trouble.
From now on,
use the mailbox near Tony's bar
to communicate.
Duang-Jai.
Stay away from where you used to go.
Good luck.
I've looked everywhere
and found nothing, Miss Kaew-Ta.
Are you sure you haven't seen her?
I...
I'm sure, ma'am.
But the GPS says
she's around here somewhere.
Shouldn't we head back
to the office for tonight?
I doubt we will find her.
We have to.
Follow me.
Hurry!
What was Duang-Jai talking about?
Where does the GPS say she is?
Hand me the tablet.
She's left Bew's Studio.
Please follow me.
We're safe now.
Let's go.
I'm sorry for dragging you into this.
Why would you be?
You didn't do anything wrong.
So how did you know where I was?
Well...
I didn't.
I just guessed based on
the places we used to go.
Then Bew's studio came to mind,
so I decided to try my luck there.
Is that pretty lady
really gonna punish you?
I don't know,
but Duang-Jai never lies to me.
But you're just doing what I want,
and I'm the one
who redeemed you with my points
I don't think it's foul play.
That's typical of you.
What? I mean it!
Since there's a loophole in the rules,
we've gotta make use of it, right?
Why do I have so many points?
I was sure I redeemed them all last time.
Maybe it's because of the shio pan?
Your shio pan brings people joy,
so you earn more points.
I have an idea.
What is it?
I'm not telling you.
Let me see!
There's nothing to see.
I almost broke my neck.
I thought I wasn't gonna
fall asleep tonight.
I think...
you should return me to the app.
That way, you don't have
to go through all these troubles.
You're really misunderstanding me.
How am I?
It's clear that you're having a hard time.
I'm not.
You decided that I was.
Anyway,
one day, I'll be sent back
to face punishment.
You'd better just...
return me now.
No way.
Not a chance.
Listen.
The reason I've been close to you
these past few days
is not just about getting rid
of your headache.
I was like that...
because I genuinely wanted to be.
I really like you.
No,
it's just sympathy.
Or maybe...
Do you still think...
it's just sympathy?
Is it morning already?
What's that stare?
Last night, before you came to find me,
you were with Auntie Itt, right?
I was.
So...
Were you drunk from that herbal liquor?
Are you out of your mind?
I went to her bar,
but when I saw you weren't there,
I left.
I didn't drink a single drop of it.
So that means you were fully conscious...
Why?
I'm just asking.
Right... I know why.
You're doubting my confession, aren't you?
No.
Really?
Yeah.
I really wasn't drunk.
If you want me to say it again,
I will.
What are you doing?
Do you want me to prove it?
Back off...
You haven't even brushed your teeth,
and you want to kiss me?
I haven't brushed my teeth
since last night.
Can you help me brush my teeth?
Are they clean now?
I don't know.
What?
Now, that's kissable.
You're such a goof.
Don't be this hot around me.
So what are we gonna do next?
Will Ms. Pretty Warden
really take you in for punishment?
I have no clue.
That's everything
Duang-Jai has told me.
From now on,
use the mailbox near Tony's bar
to communicate.
I got it!
We're going to Tony's bar.
Huh?!
What for?
We're already safe here.
Well, Duang-Jai told me earlier
that if I wanted to reach him,
I had to use the mailbox near the bar.
Maybe he's already sent us some letters.
Wait here, then.
I'll go there.
No!
You stay here.
Why would you go out there
and put yourself at risk?
I'll go.
No!
I was the one who pushed you
to find your identity.
I'm totally at fault here!
You're so stubborn!
Fine...
We'll both go.
Fine, we'll both go.
Cleared!
[From Duang-Jai]
"From Duang-Jai."
"Hi, Z. I hope you're safe and sound.
The warden has found out
about your search for your old identity.
Considering your headache,
I think Bew,
the person you met a few days ago,
was probably someone
you knew personally."
This house?
Yes.
Here are your visitor passes.
"To tell you the truth,
the warden has been onto you for a while."
Heaven's order.
"If you get caught,
you'll face serious punishment
because she's extremely angry.
The best way to go from here
is to keep running
until there's a change of warden.
When that happens,
the punishment might be less severe."
What?!
That's everything he wrote.
What do I do now?
Duang-Jai...
I'm very sorry!
Quick! Run!
You're well aware
that you violated the rules, aren't you?
I've wasted way too much time on this.
Come with me.
Where are you taking us?
I'm not talking to you.
That's even worse.
I'm not letting you take her from me.
It's my fault
for letting it drag on this long.
If I let this continue,
not only will there be
severe punishment,
but the remaining month of the mission
could also be shortened
depending on
how serious the offense is.
What does that mean?
Huh?!
I'd like to warn you.
If there's something you want to do,
just go for it,
so you won't regret it.
I don't know
how much time we have left,
but right at this moment,
we're officially together.
Whatever you say goes.
What do couples
usually do?